docs: Add Dynamic tables for System Props + Compose Docs [WEB-1414] (#1641)
Codecademy/client-modules: packages/styleguide/stories/Foundations/System/Responsive Properties.stories.mdx

```tsx
export interface MediaQueryMap<T> {
  _?: T; // No media query
  xs?: T; // `xs` media query
  sm?: T; // `sm` media query
  md?: T; // `md` media query
  lg?: T; // `lg` media query
  xl?: T; // `xl` media query
}
```

### Array

This structure is implicit but ordered e.g. `padding={[16, 24, 32, 48]}`

```tsx
export interface MediaQueryArray<T> {
  0?: T; // No media query
  1?: T; // `xs` media query
  2?: T; // `sm` media query
  3?: T; // `md` media query
  4?: T; // `lg` media query
  5?: T; // `xl` media query
}
```

Both are valid syntaxes for all stystem props:

```tsx
export type ResponsiveProp<T> = T | MediaQueryMap<T> | MediaQueryArray<T>;
```

Here are some examples of what the expected output will be for certain configurations:

```tsx
// 1
<Box p={[16, 24]} py={12} />
// 2
<Box width={{ _: '100%', xl: '50%' }} />
// 3
<Box display={{ lg: 'none' }} />
```

```css
/** 1 */
.Box {
  padding: 12px 16px;
  @media (min-width: 480px) {
    padding: 12px 24px;
  }
}
/** 2 */
.Box {
  width: 100%;
  @media (min-width: 1440px) {
    width: 50%;
  }
}
/** 3 */
.Box {
  @media (min-width: 1200px) {
    display: none;
  }
}
```

### What Syntax should I use?

> Since both syntaxes perform the same task it can be unclear which syntax is preferrable to another, heres some best practices for picking the syntax that will be most readable.

Reviewer: heres => here are

> #### When to use object syntax

Reviewer: title case entire title?

1. Single Breakpoint Styles - Sometimes you need only change a property value at a single breakpoint. This is far easier in the object syntax than in the array.

```tsx
// Simple
<Text fontSize={{ lg: 26 }} />

// Unreadable because there are no values for everything preceding `lg`
<Text fontSize={[ , , , 26]} />
```

2. Skipping Breakpoints - Since the object syntax is unordered it makes setting disparate behavior far easier to read and understand than the array.

```tsx
// 14 at the smallest size and 64 at the largest
<Text fontSize={{ _: 14, xl: 64 }} />

// When does 64 even get applied here?
<Text fontSize={[14, , , ,64]} />
```

> #### When to use the array syntax

Reviewer: noting title case

1. When specifying values at every breakpoint - Since array props are ordered we can always read the behavior left to right.

```tsx
// Order and readable
<Text fontSize={[14, 16, 18, 20, 26, 64]} />

// Unordered and verbose
<Text
  fontSize={{
    md: 20,
    _:14,
    xs: 16,
    xl: 64,
    sm: 18,
    lg: 26
  }}
/>
```

> 2. When default values matter - There are some cases where not having a base style set to a property will cause uninteded behavior, object lets you omit these without being explicit potentially causing bugs.

Reviewer: object lets you => objects let you

```tsx
// looks safe but will render as 1 column at smallest screen size
<Column size={{ xs: 12, sm: 6 }} />

> // this will not as we must explicity declare the breakpoint value as undefined

Reviewer: "this will not ..." maybe frame it as "this syntax is safe because ..." or be more explicit about what this code will not do

  }}
/>

Being able to configure your styles for multiple screensizes is often very necessary. We make all style functions accept valid configurations of our responsive property spec.

> Responsive configurations are two basic shape a map of breakpoint aliases / values or an array of values:

Reviewer 2: Maybe I'm just projecting here, but IMO people generally prefer an easy-to-read example to come _before_ the full technical descriptor when the technical descriptor is kinda misdirect-y TypeScript syntax by nature. Can you put the full description last, maybe?

export type ResponsiveProp<T> = T | MediaQueryMap<T> | MediaQueryArray<T>;
```

> Here are some examples of what the expected out put will be for certain configurations:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Here are some examples of what the expected output will be for certain configurations:
```

```tsx
// 1
<Box p={[16, 24]} py={12} />
// 2
<Box width={{ _: '100%', xl: '50%' }} />
// 3
<Box display={{ lg: 'none' }} />
```

```css
/** 1 */
.Box {
  padding: 12px 16px;
  @media (min-width: 480px) {
    padding: 12px 24px;
  }
}
/** 2 */
.Box {
  width: 100%;
  @media (min-width: 1440px) {
    width: 50%;
  }
}
/** 3 */
.Box {
  @media (min-width: 1200px) {
    display: none;
  }
}
```

> 

Reviewer 3: Thanks for adding.
